You've learned about taking a data
centric approach to AI development.
In this last video for this week,
I'd like to leave you with a thought
on shifting from big data to good data.
Here's what I mean,
a lot of modern AI had grown up in
large consumer internet companies
with maybe a billion users, and
does companies like that have
a lot of data on their users.
If you have big data like that,
by all means it could help the performance
of your room tremendously.
But both software consumer internet but
equally importantly for
many other industries,
there's just isn't a billion data points.
And I think it may be
even more important for
those applications to focus not
just on big data but on good data.
I found that if you are able to ensure
consistently high quality data in all
phases in the machine learning project
life cycle, that is key to making sure
that you have a high performance and
reliable machine learning deployment.
What I mean by good data, I think
good data covers the important cases,
so you should have good
coverage of different inputs x.
And if you find out that you don't
have enough data with speech,
with caffeine, noise data augmentation
can help you get more data,
get more diverse inputs x,
to give you that coverage.
So, we spent quite a bit of time talking
about this in this week's material.
Good data is also defined
consistently with definition
of labels y that's unambiguous.
We haven't talked about this yet but
we'll go into much greater
depth on this next week.
Good data also has timely
feedback from production data.
We actually talked about
this last week when we were
covering the deployment
section in terms of having
monitoring systems to track
concept drift and data drift.
And finally,
you do need a reasonable size data set.
So to summarize during the machine
learning project lifecycle,
we've talked about drink
the deployment phase last week how to
make sure you have timely
feedback this week.
As we talked about modeling,
we also included in our discussion how to
make sure you have, hopefully
good coverage of important cases.
Next week, when we dive into data
definition, we'll spend much more
time to talk about how to make sure
your data is defined consistently.
And I hope that with the ideas
conveyed last week, this week, and
next week you'll be armed with the tools
you need to give your learning algorithm
good data through all phases of
the machine learning project life cycle.
So, that's it.
Congratulations on getting to the end
of this week's videos on modeling.
I look forward to diving more
deeply with you into the data
part of the full cycle of
a machine learning project.
And next week,
we'll also have a short optional section
on scoping machine learning projects.
I look forward to see you next week.